# shell-code-encoder

In my spare time, I had fun with reverse engineering, writing exploits, fuzzing, pentesting and all that good stuff. Once, I stumbled across a scenario that I needed to deliver shellcode only in printable ASCII characters and to be more specific the shellcode must contain only alphabets and numbers. I know that there are lots of encoders out there and that are much better than mine. But I wanted to learn everything from scratch, so I decided that I will write a shellcode encoder that encodes a binary containing the shellcode into a string of alphabets and numbers and then sticks a decoder before it. The decoder must also be entirely in alphabets and numbers. So what I did was that I grabbed the intel instruction opcode manual and started isolating all the instructions that have ASCII printable opcodes, and then filtered them even further to obtain a good set of instructions that can manipulate data on the stack and do some operations on it.

I ended with this encoder, and it worked really fine. But the problem is that it produces a very large output that in some cases cannot fit into the stack. Although this, the project was intended only for the sake of learning the concept and nothing else, but now I am thinking to do some improvements on it. Like making multiple nested encoders/decoders, and handcrafting them so that they are more effecient.

The project is written in python and is entirely contained in the ShellCodeEncoder.py file. It is a small and simple project.
